Healthcare For All
This memo is to propose a Capitalist/Socialist method of which to bring a form of healthcare funds and possible replacement for most if not all health insurance. This concept is to bring healthcare back into the hands of the people and their doctors instead of for profit corporations and governments.

Year 1
    Government will pay for 100% of the system to jumpstart it.
        Prefered if a company started this and flipped the bill but if nobody steps up then have the Government do it.
    Everyone with a SSN gets their own fee-free HSA account
    Remove contribution limitations on HSA accounts
        Unlimited contributions
        Electronic system allowing anyone to contribute to anyone else's HSA account
            Small fee of 1-2% on contributions this fee will pay for infrastructure for the system. All fees that are not used on infrastructure and employees will be sent to the bottom 10% of accounts.
                The fee is a dynamic number based on future changes to keep the system running included expansion and upgrades.
        Small fee of 2-3% of medical purchases including 
            this fee will pay for infrastructure for the system and employees. All fees that are not used on infrastructure and employees will be sent to the bottom 10% of accounts after 6 months of the previous fiscal year.
                The fee is a dynamic number based on future changes to keep the system running included expansion and upgrades.
        People with accounts that have died.
            Balance of these people will go to the bottom 10% of accounts.
        All financials are on the Healthcare For All website public
            Front page presents cash flow that was created by fees.

Year 2
    Government pays for 75% of the system
    Purchases on HSA accounts can only be used at Doctors offices, Hospitals, pharmacies, contraception and Health Insurance.
        $10,000 per incident fee against the company that allowed a false purchase. This will make companies come up with methods to stop fraudulent purchases.
        The person that made the purchase will Not be fee’d or prosecuted. 

Year 3
    Government pays for 50% of the system
    All Doctors offices, Hospitals, pharmacies must accept HSA cards
    Repeal the portion of Obamacare that requires everyone to have health insurance

Year 4
    Government pays for 25% of the system

Year 5
    Government pays for 0% of the system

Year 6
    Waiting for year 8 to help with total amount of cash flow for people holding HSA cards

Year 7
    Waiting for year 8 to help with total amount of cash flow for people holding HSA cards

Year 8
    Repeal Obamacare and all governmental insurance regulations. Or specific regulations

Notes: This could all be tested at a state level or multiple states. This would allow for a probationary period to help prove its validity.
